Mission and Vision | TAI  Contact OUR STORY ABOUT US Introduction Message from CEO Team Service About Nepal SDGs BLOG English  Contact About TAI Vision Smiling Nepal TAI was established with the vision of Smiling Nepal. TAI is dedicated in assisting hardworking and versatile Nepali IT graduates in contributing to their country via Technology and Intelligence. We are looking forth to becoming an IT bridge between Nepal and Japan. Mission Accelerate the GDP of Nepal by 1%. We want to create highly skilled jobs in our own country and stop brain-drain of the nation. Our motto is to "Serve Nation With Innovation". Our ultimate goal is to become an offshore company large enough to accelerate the GDP of Nepal by 1%. Company Info Company Name:TAI Inc (Technology and Intelligence) Established:Nepal (2020), Japan (2022) CEO:Sharad Rai Main Bank: Mitsubishi UFJ Bank PayPay Bank Capital:1 million yen (30 million yen including Nepal Group) Employees:70 (Including Nepal and Japan Group employees) A https://tai.com.np/about-company
IT and Consulting Services | TAI  Contact OUR STORY ABOUT US Introduction Message from CEO Team Service About Nepal SDGs BLOG English  Contact Our Services Offering services forDigital Transformation (DX) AI Consulting DX Solutions Cloud & Devops Web System Development Mobile Application Development UI/UX Design AI Consulting Artificial intelligence (AI) is a rapidly growing field that involves the development of computer systems and algorithms that can perform tasks that typically require human intelligence, such as learning, decision-making, and problem-solving. At TAI, we are constantly exploring new ways to harness the power of AI to improve our products and services. Whether it's using machine learning algorithms to analyze customer data or developing natural language processing systems to improve customer service, we are always looking for ways to leverage AI to better serve our clients. Artificial intelligence (AI) has the potential to revolutionize a wide range of industries,  https://tai.com.np/service/#service-mobile
from marketing and healthcare to financial services and education. At TAI inc, we are committed to driving advancements in AI and finding technological solutions that can help organizations in these industries operate more efficiently and effectively. Our team is composed of experts in a variety of areas, including natural language processing and machine learning, and we are constantly working to develop new AI-powered tools and systems that can help organizations extract valuable insights from data and communicate more effectively with customers. By using AI to automate and optimize various business processes, we can help organizations reduce costs and improve the value they deliver to their customers. Natural Language Processing (NLP) Computer Vision Machine Learning (ML) DX Solutions Our products assist companies in implementing the digital technologies at the center of business transformation. These are a blend of basic infrastructure services and next-generation digital services t https://tai.com.np/service/#service-mobile
hat center on cloud system, digital workplace, software-defined networks, privacy, integrated service operations, and intelligent maintenance. With the help of these services, our clients can design long-term, corporate digital transformation that will meet their present requirements and long-term objectives. With TAI's Digital Transformation solution, you can maximize the business performance of your digital investments. With the help of our digital transformation services, we enable you to successfully run, expand, and adapt in both favorable and unfavorable corporate conditions. We help you to adapt your company to produce significantly greater and higher lucrative results and thrive in the contemporary age of internet. Digital Strategy DX Infrastructure Cloud & Devops The goal of implementing DevOps and the cloud is to shorten the system's development cycle and offer continuous delivery of high-quality software. Additionally, it aids in establishing corporate goals and closely alig https://tai.com.np/service/#service-mobile
ning features and upgrades. It supports multiple tools and aids in the development of cross-functional operations. With Cloud and DevOps software, the organization's speed improves and it can compete more successfully in the market. We create Cloud as a flexible portfolio of solutions that enables continual modernization, higher agility, and improved operational efficiency. The cloud strategy and consulting services offered by TAI help business develop and implement a defined future course for their organization's cloud strategy. We offer a variety of DevOps methodologies, tools, and special approaches. In order to transform your company, our talented specialists investigate, test, and apply new ideas and technology. Together with your company, we evolve DevOps to produce the greatest possible results. Cloud Development Devops Collaborations Support & Maintenance Web System Development With our IT expertise, we provide you with full web development for the smooth-running websites and w https://tai.com.np/service/#service-mobile
eb applications youll have for your business. We help create web applications that offer companies a flexible, cost-effective way to provide remote work solutions.All the web applications we build are responsive. Customer Portal CRM & ERP System Application Support & Maintenance Mobile Application Development We put our heart and energy into making an app perfect for your devices both IOS and Android systems. We Help You Establish Your Presence On Any Device & Platform. Android App Development iOS App Development UI/UX Design Utilizing the latest tools and technology, we offer complete UI/UX services covering branding design, responsive web design, smartphone app design, immersive user experience, and promotional graphics. We use innovative technology structures with the latest technology to create responsive and adaptive designs. UI Design UX Design Prototyping Company Services Contact Blog Services Artificial Intelligence Digital Transformation Cloud & DevOps Web Application Developm https://tai.com.np/service/#service-mobile
IT and Consulting Services | TAI  Contact OUR STORY ABOUT US Introduction Message from CEO of TAI Sharad Rai Team Service About Nepal SDGs BLOG English  Contact Our Services Offering services forDigital Transformation (DX) AI Consulting DX Solutions Cloud & Devops Web System Development Mobile Application Development UI/UX Design AI Consulting Artificial intelligence (AI) is a rapidly growing field that involves the development of computer systems and algorithms that can perform tasks that typically require human intelligence, such as learning, decision-making, and problem-solving. At TAI, we are constantly exploring new ways to harness the power of AI to improve our products and services. Whether it's using machine learning algorithms to analyze customer data or developing natural language processing systems to improve customer service, we are always looking for ways to leverage AI to better serve our clients. Artificial intelligence (AI) has the potential to revolutionize a wide range of industries,  https://tai.com.np/service/#service-web
from marketing and healthcare to financial services and education. At TAI inc, we are committed to driving advancements in AI and finding technological solutions that can help organizations in these industries operate more efficiently and effectively. Our team is composed of experts in a variety of areas, including natural language processing and machine learning, and we are constantly working to develop new AI-powered tools and systems that can help organizations extract valuable insights from data and communicate more effectively with customers. By using AI to automate and optimize various business processes, we can help organizations reduce costs and improve the value they deliver to their customers. Natural Language Processing (NLP) Computer Vision Machine Learning (ML) DX Solutions Our products assist companies in implementing the digital technologies at the center of business transformation. These are a blend of basic infrastructure services and next-generation digital services t https://tai.com.np/service/#service-web
hat center on cloud system, digital workplace, software-defined networks, privacy, integrated service operations, and intelligent maintenance. With the help of these services, our clients can design long-term, corporate digital transformation that will meet their present requirements and long-term objectives. With TAI's Digital Transformation solution, you can maximize the business performance of your digital investments. With the help of our digital transformation services, we enable you to successfully run, expand, and adapt in both favorable and unfavorable corporate conditions. We help you to adapt your company to produce significantly greater and higher lucrative results and thrive in the contemporary age of internet. Digital Strategy DX Infrastructure Cloud & Devops The goal of implementing DevOps and the cloud is to shorten the system's development cycle and offer continuous delivery of high-quality software. Additionally, it aids in establishing corporate goals and closely alig https://tai.com.np/service/#service-web
ning features and upgrades. It supports multiple tools and aids in the development of cross-functional operations. With Cloud and DevOps software, the organization's speed improves and it can compete more successfully in the market. We create Cloud as a flexible portfolio of solutions that enables continual modernization, higher agility, and improved operational efficiency. The cloud strategy and consulting services offered by TAI help business develop and implement a defined future course for their organization's cloud strategy. We offer a variety of DevOps methodologies, tools, and special approaches. In order to transform your company, our talented specialists investigate, test, and apply new ideas and technology. Together with your company, we evolve DevOps to produce the greatest possible results. Cloud Development Devops Collaborations Support & Maintenance Web System Development With our IT expertise, we provide you with full web development for the smooth-running websites and w https://tai.com.np/service/#service-web
eb applications youll have for your business. We help create web applications that offer companies a flexible, cost-effective way to provide remote work solutions.All the web applications we build are responsive. Customer Portal CRM & ERP System Application Support & Maintenance Mobile Application Development We put our heart and energy into making an app perfect for your devices both IOS and Android systems. We Help You Establish Your Presence On Any Device & Platform. Android App Development iOS App Development UI/UX Design Utilizing the latest tools and technology, we offer complete UI/UX services covering branding design, responsive web design, smartphone app design, immersive user experience, and promotional graphics. We use innovative technology structures with the latest technology to create responsive and adaptive designs. UI Design UX Design Prototyping Company Services Contact Blog Services Artificial Intelligence Digital Transformation Cloud & DevOps Web Application Developm https://tai.com.np/service/#service-web
Our Story | TAI  Contact OUR STORY ABOUT US Introduction Message from CEO Team Service About Nepal SDGs BLOG English  Contact OUR STORY I was just a normal village boy in Khotang, Diktel but my life took a turning point when I received a national scholarship and got the chance to study at the prestigious Budhanilkantha School. I received a quality education and quality life when I was a merit student at Budhanilkantha School. Even back then I was always thankful to my country for giving me such an opportunity and afterward, when I came to Japan I was even more dedicated to giving back to my nation. When I was a student in Japan, I started a small project of establishing a school in Nepal. My dream of giving back to my country was slowly coming true however as the number of students and staff increased so did the operating costs too and it was becoming difficult for me to realize this dream. After finishing my studies I started working at Softbank Company in Japan and I was using my ow https://tai.com.np/ourstory
n salary to pay for the expenses of the school. After continuing it for a few years, I finally realized that it was not going to be a sustainable plan. Furthermore, my ultimate goal of giving back to my country was not going to be realized just by establishing a small school. In order to, achieve my ultimate goal of giving back to the nation, I came to the understanding that I need to solve the ultimate problem of my nation. Nepal, being a landlocked and developing country, lacks many infrastructures and resources to embark in the process of rapid development. There are few job opportunities for fresh graduates and our economy is also very fragile. As a result, thousands of Nepalese youth leave the country for better opportunities and better life. Our countrys economy is backed up by remittances sent by such youths and ODAs given by developed nations. This is not a sustainable way for a country to run its economy in a long run. As I learned in Japan, a country needs strong industry to  https://tai.com.np/ourstory
prosper and strengthen its economy. Even though Nepal is a landlocked county and lacks resources, there is possibility of utilizing the technology and intelligence to create IT industries, which goes beyond any border. Hence, I started TAI Inc. (Technology and Intelligence) in 2019 to connect Nepali IT experts to Japanese companies. I want to make TAI Inc. an IT bridge between Japan and Nepal, and ultimately become an IT outsourcing company that will be large enough to accelerate the GDP of Nepal by 1%. TAI was started with the ultimate goal to make our country smile and achieve the dream of Smiling Nepal. Main media publication, Awards, TV and radio appearances, Event presentation... 2019 2018 2017 2016 2014 2019 2019   2019 Edvation x Summit 2018  2018 TBS NEWS23  (2018/10/30) YOKOHAMA (SUNSTAR WEEKEND JOURNEY) (2018/04/06) TOKYO FM WORLD (2018/03/13) 2018/10) Forbes Japan 2018/11)  11 2018  JIMOT CM REPUBLIC  Impact Heroes: Impact Heroes 2018  2018  WFP  WFP  2017 5 2017/12) 2016 20 https://tai.com.np/ourstory
TAI: Technology & Intelligence Company  Contact OUR STORY ABOUT US Introduction Message from CEO Team Service About Nepal SDGs BLOG English  Contact Serving Nation With Innovation Offshore Development for Japan We are imaginative minds from Nepal providing Innovative IT solutions to clients all over Japan. Our Strengths We deliver global digital solutions to your concepts and ideas Message from CEO of TAI Sharad Rai From our experience in providing products and services to the Japanese market with Offshore Development Center in Nepal, we feel that the relationship between Japan and Nepal has become closer in recent years. SEE MORE 1 Cost Effective We provide services at a price that you are satisfied with. With us, offshore development projects will only cost one-third of the Japanese market price. 2 No Language Barrier Our Project Managers (PM) and Bridge System Engineers (SE) in TAI have over 10 years of professional experience in leading Japanese companies. If necessary, our Japanese staf https://tai.com.np
f will also support you. 3 Japan Quality And Security Management We are committed to delivering the best quality in the world  the Japanese quality. Our security management system is strict and we are also in the process of acquiring CMMI/ISO certifications. 4 Nepal's Top Talent Our software engineers and project managers are from the top universities in Nepal. In case of laboratory contracts and outsourced projects, we provide experts who can firmly manage the projects progress until the completion. Services Offering you the best digital products & services AI Consulting DX Solutions Cloud & Devops Web System Development Mobile Application Development UI/UX Design Artificial intelligence (AI) has the potential to revolutionize a wide range of industries, from marketing and healthcare to financial services and education. At TAI inc, we are committed to driving advancements in AI and finding technological solutions that can help organizations in these industries operate more efficiently https://tai.com.np
and effectively. We bring your ideas to reality by discovering technological solutions and enacting a path to AI. Read More Technology Stack With TAIs Digital Transformation solution, you can maximize the business performance of your digital investments. Our products assist companies in implementing the digital technologies at the center of business transformation. These are a blend of basic infrastructure services and next-generation digital services that center on cloud system, digital workplace, software-defined networks, privacy, integrated service operations, and intelligent maintenance. Read More TAI provides complete, high-value cloud consulting and DevOps solutions through innovative cloud strategies. TAI's cloud strategy and consulting services help companies develop and execute a defined future course for their organization's cloud strategy. Read More Technology Stack With our IT expertise, we provide you with full web development for the smooth-running websites and web appl https://tai.com.np
ications youll have for your business. We help create web applications that offer companies a flexible, cost-effective way to provide remote work solutions.All the web applications we build are responsive. Read More Technology Stack We put our heart and energy into making an app perfect for your devices both IOS and Android systems. We Help You Establish Your Presence On Any Device & Platform. Read More Technology Stack Utilizing the latest tools and technology, we offer complete UI/UX services covering branding design, responsive web design, smartphone app design, immersive user experience, and promotional graphics. We use innovative technology structures with the latest technology to create responsive and adaptive designs. Read More Technology Stack Team & Advisory Team TAI Our team leaders stand out for their consistent success across multiple organizations. They have all previously held positions of leadership in the professional services and industrial sectors. Their teams are pri https://tai.com.np
marily made up of our client's employees, supplemented by industry or technical specialists as needed. Other Team Leaders ANISH MAN SHRESTHA Mr. Shrestha is a receipt of prestigious MEXT Scholarship. He obtained his Bachelor's and Master's Degree from Tokyo Institute of Technology. He has worked as software engineer at NEC Corporaton and Nomura Securities. ANISH MAN SHRESTHA Chief Technology Officer. AADHAR LAMICHHANE Bachelors: Tohoku Gakuin University (2009) Aeon Retail Co, Ltd (2013) He was assigned to the Tohoku Company and was in charge of a wide range of operations from sales to public relations. AADHAR LAMICHHANE Chief Business Officer YUKO KANETA After graduating from Tsukuba University, she joined Japan Airlines Co. In 2016, she joined the NPO YouMe Nepal and built a school in Nepal. She is currently providing education to more than 500 children. She joined TAI in 2022 as Chief Marketing Officer. YUKO KANETA Chief Marketing Officer Advisory Board Members Kenichi Sugiyama Senior https://tai.com.np
Advisor, Division of External Relations, University of Tokyo. Former Vice Board Director, University of Tokyo. Former Chief Advisor of the President, University of Tokyo. Former Representative Director, Tonen General Sekiyu Corporation. Xiaofei Tan MA, The University of Tokyo After working for PwC Advisory in Tokyo, moved to Shenzhen, China where she is devoted to cross-border M&A and investment. USCPA. Proficiency in Japanese, English and Chinese languages. Satoshi Watarai BA, MA, The University of Tokyo Satoshi began his career as a Programme Officer at JICA and later worked for Boston Consulting Group (BCG) as a strategic consultant. Currently, he is working for Save the Children (Japan) as Programme Coordinator. Dr Kundan Chaudhary Dr. Kundan completed his Ph.D. at the well-reputed Harvard University majoring in Applied Physics. Started his career path working for Apple Inc. in Silicon Valley. Now he's a committed employee working for Meta Platforms Inc. (formerly Facebook Inc.) W https://tai.com.np
ork Flow Our Working Process - How We Work For Our Valuable Customers 1 Inquiry Please contact us by phone or by filling out the inquiry form. 2 Hearing We will ask you about your requirements, number of people, time frame, etc. 3 Proposal We propose the optimal development system based on the requirements we hear from you. 4 Estimate We will provide an estimate based on the number of people, period of time, and the level of SE required. 5 Contract Upon agreement on the development structure, a contract is concluded. FAQs Q.What is the minimum contract period? You may sign a contract with us for a minimum of two months. We also offer flexibility to change the deadline and number of people after the contract period. Q.Could inconsistency in Japanese be an issue? You can rest assured that an experienced BrSE who understands Japanese culture will be assigned to your dedicated team. Our bridge engineers and communicators have a Japanese level of at least JLPT Level 1, and many developers a https://tai.com.np
nd testers are able to communicate in JLPT Level 2 and are fluent in English. In addition to Japanese language, all members understand Japanese culture and Japanese business etiquette. Q.Could having no experience in offshore development be an issue? Q.Many companies are new to offshore development. We support our customers by utilizing our extensive experience in support. Q.Which type of Information security plan is implemented? Our company has become more concerned with information security measures and has installed an attendance management system, digital door locks, and security cameras in our offices. Employee ID cards are required to enter and exit the office. We also provide regular training on information security management for our employees. Company Services Contact Blog Services Artificial Intelligence Digital Transformation Cloud & DevOps Web Application Development Mobile Application Development UI/UX Design Connect With Us Address Matsumoto Building-502, 10 Iwato-cho, Sh https://tai.com.np
Teams & Professionals | TAI  Contact OUR STORY ABOUT US Introduction Message from CEO Team Service About Nepal SDGs BLOG English  Contact TEAM OF PROFESSIONALS TEAM LEADERS Our team leaders are distinguished by their repeated success through multiple organisations. SHARAD RAI Anish Man Shrestha Aadhar Lamichane Yuko Kaneta Sharad Rai Chief Executive Officer After completing Masters from the University of Tokyo, Sharad Rai joined SoftBank Corporation in 2014. While pursuing PhD in the University of Tokyo, he founded TERAKOYA Academia in 2019. Besides, Sharad has also founded an international non profit organization, YouMe Nepal in Japan and has built two schools in Nepal where more than 500 students are studying today. Anish Man Shrestha Chief Technology Officer. After graduating from Tokyo Institute of Technology, Anish started his career in 2013 at NEC Corporation where he gained experience in both technical and management aspects by working as a software engineer and also leading an  https://tai.com.np/team
engineering team. In 2018, he joined Nomura Securities where he deepened his knowledge of technology with finance. He joined TAI in 2022 as Chief Technology Officer.He is also a MEXT Scholarship (awarded by the Japanese government) recipient for undergraduate and graduate studies. Aadhar Lamichane Chief Business Officer Aadhar Lamichhane brings a wealth of experience in sales, marketing, and corporate planning to his role as Chief Business Officer. After graduating from Tohoku Gakuin University, Aadhar worked at AEON Retail where he honed his customer-centric focus and ability to adapt to new environments. He later transitioned to AEON Tohoku where he oversaw corporate strategy and public relations.Throughout his career, Aadhar has been recognized for his achievements and rewarded for his contributions to the companies he has worked for. With his diverse background and expertise, Aadhar brings a unique perspective to the IT industry and is committed to driving the success of TAI Inc. Y https://tai.com.np/team
IT and Consulting Services | TAI  Contact OUR STORY ABOUT US Introduction Message from CEO Team Service About Nepal SDGs BLOG English  Contact Our Services Offering services forDigital Transformation (DX) AI Consulting DX Solutions Cloud & Devops Web System Development Mobile Application Development UI/UX Design AI Consulting Artificial intelligence (AI) is a rapidly growing field that involves the development of computer systems and algorithms that can perform tasks that typically require human intelligence, such as learning, decision-making, and problem-solving. At TAI, we are constantly exploring new ways to harness the power of AI to improve our products and services. Whether it's using machine learning algorithms to analyze customer data or developing natural language processing systems to improve customer service, we are always looking for ways to leverage AI to better serve our clients. Artificial intelligence (AI) has the potential to revolutionize a wide range of industries,  https://tai.com.np/service/#service-dx
from marketing and healthcare to financial services and education. At TAI inc, we are committed to driving advancements in AI and finding technological solutions that can help organizations in these industries operate more efficiently and effectively. Our team is composed of experts in a variety of areas, including natural language processing and machine learning, and we are constantly working to develop new AI-powered tools and systems that can help organizations extract valuable insights from data and communicate more effectively with customers. By using AI to automate and optimize various business processes, we can help organizations reduce costs and improve the value they deliver to their customers. Natural Language Processing (NLP) Computer Vision Machine Learning (ML) DX Solutions Our products assist companies in implementing the digital technologies at the center of business transformation. These are a blend of basic infrastructure services and next-generation digital services t https://tai.com.np/service/#service-dx
hat center on cloud system, digital workplace, software-defined networks, privacy, integrated service operations, and intelligent maintenance. With the help of these services, our clients can design long-term, corporate digital transformation that will meet their present requirements and long-term objectives. With TAI's Digital Transformation solution, you can maximize the business performance of your digital investments. With the help of our digital transformation services, we enable you to successfully run, expand, and adapt in both favorable and unfavorable corporate conditions. We help you to adapt your company to produce significantly greater and higher lucrative results and thrive in the contemporary age of internet. Digital Strategy DX Infrastructure Cloud & Devops The goal of implementing DevOps and the cloud is to shorten the system's development cycle and offer continuous delivery of high-quality software. Additionally, it aids in establishing corporate goals and closely alig https://tai.com.np/service/#service-dx
ning features and upgrades. It supports multiple tools and aids in the development of cross-functional operations. With Cloud and DevOps software, the organization's speed improves and it can compete more successfully in the market. We create Cloud as a flexible portfolio of solutions that enables continual modernization, higher agility, and improved operational efficiency. The cloud strategy and consulting services offered by TAI help business develop and implement a defined future course for their organization's cloud strategy. We offer a variety of DevOps methodologies, tools, and special approaches. In order to transform your company, our talented specialists investigate, test, and apply new ideas and technology. Together with your company, we evolve DevOps to produce the greatest possible results. Cloud Development Devops Collaborations Support & Maintenance Web System Development With our IT expertise, we provide you with full web development for the smooth-running websites and w https://tai.com.np/service/#service-dx
eb applications youll have for your business. We help create web applications that offer companies a flexible, cost-effective way to provide remote work solutions.All the web applications we build are responsive. Customer Portal CRM & ERP System Application Support & Maintenance Mobile Application Development We put our heart and energy into making an app perfect for your devices both IOS and Android systems. We Help You Establish Your Presence On Any Device & Platform. Android App Development iOS App Development UI/UX Design Utilizing the latest tools and technology, we offer complete UI/UX services covering branding design, responsive web design, smartphone app design, immersive user experience, and promotional graphics. We use innovative technology structures with the latest technology to create responsive and adaptive designs. UI Design UX Design Prototyping Company Services Contact Blog Services Artificial Intelligence Digital Transformation Cloud & DevOps Web Application Developm https://tai.com.np/service/#service-dx
IT and Consulting Services | TAI  Contact OUR STORY ABOUT US Introduction Message from CEO Team Service About Nepal SDGs BLOG English  Contact Our Services Offering services forDigital Transformation (DX) AI Consulting DX Solutions Cloud & Devops Web System Development Mobile Application Development UI/UX Design AI Consulting Artificial intelligence (AI) is a rapidly growing field that involves the development of computer systems and algorithms that can perform tasks that typically require human intelligence, such as learning, decision-making, and problem-solving. At TAI, we are constantly exploring new ways to harness the power of AI to improve our products and services. Whether it's using machine learning algorithms to analyze customer data or developing natural language processing systems to improve customer service, we are always looking for ways to leverage AI to better serve our clients. Artificial intelligence (AI) has the potential to revolutionize a wide range of industries,  https://tai.com.np/service/#service-ai
from marketing and healthcare to financial services and education. At TAI inc, we are committed to driving advancements in AI and finding technological solutions that can help organizations in these industries operate more efficiently and effectively. Our team is composed of experts in a variety of areas, including natural language processing and machine learning, and we are constantly working to develop new AI-powered tools and systems that can help organizations extract valuable insights from data and communicate more effectively with customers. By using AI to automate and optimize various business processes, we can help organizations reduce costs and improve the value they deliver to their customers. Natural Language Processing (NLP) Computer Vision Machine Learning (ML) DX Solutions Our products assist companies in implementing the digital technologies at the center of business transformation. These are a blend of basic infrastructure services and next-generation digital services t https://tai.com.np/service/#service-ai
hat center on cloud system, digital workplace, software-defined networks, privacy, integrated service operations, and intelligent maintenance. With the help of these services, our clients can design long-term, corporate digital transformation that will meet their present requirements and long-term objectives. With TAI's Digital Transformation solution, you can maximize the business performance of your digital investments. With the help of our digital transformation services, we enable you to successfully run, expand, and adapt in both favorable and unfavorable corporate conditions. We help you to adapt your company to produce significantly greater and higher lucrative results and thrive in the contemporary age of internet. Digital Strategy DX Infrastructure Cloud & Devops The goal of implementing DevOps and the cloud is to shorten the system's development cycle and offer continuous delivery of high-quality software. Additionally, it aids in establishing corporate goals and closely alig https://tai.com.np/service/#service-ai
ning features and upgrades. It supports multiple tools and aids in the development of cross-functional operations. With Cloud and DevOps software, the organization's speed improves and it can compete more successfully in the market. We create Cloud as a flexible portfolio of solutions that enables continual modernization, higher agility, and improved operational efficiency. The cloud strategy and consulting services offered by TAI help business develop and implement a defined future course for their organization's cloud strategy. We offer a variety of DevOps methodologies, tools, and special approaches. In order to transform your company, our talented specialists investigate, test, and apply new ideas and technology. Together with your company, we evolve DevOps to produce the greatest possible results. Cloud Development Devops Collaborations Support & Maintenance Web System Development With our IT expertise, we provide you with full web development for the smooth-running websites and w https://tai.com.np/service/#service-ai
eb applications youll have for your business. We help create web applications that offer companies a flexible, cost-effective way to provide remote work solutions.All the web applications we build are responsive. Customer Portal CRM & ERP System Application Support & Maintenance Mobile Application Development We put our heart and energy into making an app perfect for your devices both IOS and Android systems. We Help You Establish Your Presence On Any Device & Platform. Android App Development iOS App Development UI/UX Design Utilizing the latest tools and technology, we offer complete UI/UX services covering branding design, responsive web design, smartphone app design, immersive user experience, and promotional graphics. We use innovative technology structures with the latest technology to create responsive and adaptive designs. UI Design UX Design Prototyping Company Services Contact Blog Services Artificial Intelligence Digital Transformation Cloud & DevOps Web Application Developm https://tai.com.np/service/#service-ai
Contact Us | TAI  Contact OUR STORY ABOUT US Introduction Message from CEO Team Service About Nepal SDGs BLOG English  Contact Let's Get Connected Let's discuss your project! Please fill our form so that we are prepared with as much information of your project as possible. You can expect a reply within one business day. LocationVisit Us Matsumoto Building-502, 10 Iwato-cho, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan Shantinagar, Kathmandu, Nepal Give us a ring Call Us Japan: 080-4277-1055 Nepal: 01-5905279 Drop a lineMail Us contact@tai.com.np hr@tai.com.np Office Hours Visit Time Mon ~ Friday: 9:00 - 18:00 Sat & Sun (Closed) Inquiry Company NameRequired Name of Person in charge (Kanji) Required Name of Person in charge (Kana)Required Telephone NumberRequired Email AddressRequired Inquiry categoryRequired Development Consultation Request a Quote Others Contents of inquiryRequired I agree the terms and conditions and privacy policy Submit Global Hubs Kathmandu, Nepal Tokyo, Japan Seattle, USA Californi https://tai.com.np/contact
IT and Consulting Services | TAI  Contact OUR STORY ABOUT US Introduction Message from CEO Team Service About Nepal SDGs BLOG English  Contact Our Services Offering services forDigital Transformation (DX) AI Consulting DX Solutions Cloud & Devops Web System Development Mobile Application Development UI/UX Design AI Consulting Artificial intelligence (AI) is a rapidly growing field that involves the development of computer systems and algorithms that can perform tasks that typically require human intelligence, such as learning, decision-making, and problem-solving. At TAI, we are constantly exploring new ways to harness the power of AI to improve our products and services. Whether it's using machine learning algorithms to analyze customer data or developing natural language processing systems to improve customer service, we are always looking for ways to leverage AI to better serve our clients. Artificial intelligence (AI) has the potential to revolutionize a wide range of industries,  https://tai.com.np/service
from marketing and healthcare to financial services and education. At TAI inc, we are committed to driving advancements in AI and finding technological solutions that can help organizations in these industries operate more efficiently and effectively. Our team is composed of experts in a variety of areas, including natural language processing and machine learning, and we are constantly working to develop new AI-powered tools and systems that can help organizations extract valuable insights from data and communicate more effectively with customers. By using AI to automate and optimize various business processes, we can help organizations reduce costs and improve the value they deliver to their customers. Natural Language Processing (NLP) Computer Vision Machine Learning (ML) DX Solutions Our products assist companies in implementing the digital technologies at the center of business transformation. These are a blend of basic infrastructure services and next-generation digital services t https://tai.com.np/service
hat center on cloud system, digital workplace, software-defined networks, privacy, integrated service operations, and intelligent maintenance. With the help of these services, our clients can design long-term, corporate digital transformation that will meet their present requirements and long-term objectives. With TAI's Digital Transformation solution, you can maximize the business performance of your digital investments. With the help of our digital transformation services, we enable you to successfully run, expand, and adapt in both favorable and unfavorable corporate conditions. We help you to adapt your company to produce significantly greater and higher lucrative results and thrive in the contemporary age of internet. Digital Strategy DX Infrastructure Cloud & Devops The goal of implementing DevOps and the cloud is to shorten the system's development cycle and offer continuous delivery of high-quality software. Additionally, it aids in establishing corporate goals and closely alig https://tai.com.np/service
ning features and upgrades. It supports multiple tools and aids in the development of cross-functional operations. With Cloud and DevOps software, the organization's speed improves and it can compete more successfully in the market. We create Cloud as a flexible portfolio of solutions that enables continual modernization, higher agility, and improved operational efficiency. The cloud strategy and consulting services offered by TAI help business develop and implement a defined future course for their organization's cloud strategy. We offer a variety of DevOps methodologies, tools, and special approaches. In order to transform your company, our talented specialists investigate, test, and apply new ideas and technology. Together with your company, we evolve DevOps to produce the greatest possible results. Cloud Development Devops Collaborations Support & Maintenance Web System Development With our IT expertise, we provide you with full web development for the smooth-running websites and w https://tai.com.np/service
eb applications youll have for your business. We help create web applications that offer companies a flexible, cost-effective way to provide remote work solutions.All the web applications we build are responsive. Customer Portal CRM & ERP System Application Support & Maintenance Mobile Application Development We put our heart and energy into making an app perfect for your devices both IOS and Android systems. We Help You Establish Your Presence On Any Device & Platform. Android App Development iOS App Development UI/UX Design Utilizing the latest tools and technology, we offer complete UI/UX services covering branding design, responsive web design, smartphone app design, immersive user experience, and promotional graphics. We use innovative technology structures with the latest technology to create responsive and adaptive designs. UI Design UX Design Prototyping Company Services Contact Blog Services Artificial Intelligence Digital Transformation Cloud & DevOps Web Application Developm https://tai.com.np/service
IT and Consulting Services | TAI  Contact OUR STORY ABOUT US Introduction Message from CEO Team Service About Nepal SDGs BLOG English  Contact Our Services Offering services forDigital Transformation (DX) AI Consulting DX Solutions Cloud & Devops Web System Development Mobile Application Development UI/UX Design AI Consulting Artificial intelligence (AI) is a rapidly growing field that involves the development of computer systems and algorithms that can perform tasks that typically require human intelligence, such as learning, decision-making, and problem-solving. At TAI, we are constantly exploring new ways to harness the power of AI to improve our products and services. Whether it's using machine learning algorithms to analyze customer data or developing natural language processing systems to improve customer service, we are always looking for ways to leverage AI to better serve our clients. Artificial intelligence (AI) has the potential to revolutionize a wide range of industries,  https://tai.com.np/service/#service-devops
from marketing and healthcare to financial services and education. At TAI inc, we are committed to driving advancements in AI and finding technological solutions that can help organizations in these industries operate more efficiently and effectively. Our team is composed of experts in a variety of areas, including natural language processing and machine learning, and we are constantly working to develop new AI-powered tools and systems that can help organizations extract valuable insights from data and communicate more effectively with customers. By using AI to automate and optimize various business processes, we can help organizations reduce costs and improve the value they deliver to their customers. Natural Language Processing (NLP) Computer Vision Machine Learning (ML) DX Solutions Our products assist companies in implementing the digital technologies at the center of business transformation. These are a blend of basic infrastructure services and next-generation digital services t https://tai.com.np/service/#service-devops
hat center on cloud system, digital workplace, software-defined networks, privacy, integrated service operations, and intelligent maintenance. With the help of these services, our clients can design long-term, corporate digital transformation that will meet their present requirements and long-term objectives. With TAI's Digital Transformation solution, you can maximize the business performance of your digital investments. With the help of our digital transformation services, we enable you to successfully run, expand, and adapt in both favorable and unfavorable corporate conditions. We help you to adapt your company to produce significantly greater and higher lucrative results and thrive in the contemporary age of internet. Digital Strategy DX Infrastructure Cloud & Devops The goal of implementing DevOps and the cloud is to shorten the system's development cycle and offer continuous delivery of high-quality software. Additionally, it aids in establishing corporate goals and closely alig https://tai.com.np/service/#service-devops
ning features and upgrades. It supports multiple tools and aids in the development of cross-functional operations. With Cloud and DevOps software, the organization's speed improves and it can compete more successfully in the market. We create Cloud as a flexible portfolio of solutions that enables continual modernization, higher agility, and improved operational efficiency. The cloud strategy and consulting services offered by TAI help business develop and implement a defined future course for their organization's cloud strategy. We offer a variety of DevOps methodologies, tools, and special approaches. In order to transform your company, our talented specialists investigate, test, and apply new ideas and technology. Together with your company, we evolve DevOps to produce the greatest possible results. Cloud Development Devops Collaborations Support & Maintenance Web System Development With our IT expertise, we provide you with full web development for the smooth-running websites and w https://tai.com.np/service/#service-devops
eb applications youll have for your business. We help create web applications that offer companies a flexible, cost-effective way to provide remote work solutions.All the web applications we build are responsive. Customer Portal CRM & ERP System Application Support & Maintenance Mobile Application Development We put our heart and energy into making an app perfect for your devices both IOS and Android systems. We Help You Establish Your Presence On Any Device & Platform. Android App Development iOS App Development UI/UX Design Utilizing the latest tools and technology, we offer complete UI/UX services covering branding design, responsive web design, smartphone app design, immersive user experience, and promotional graphics. We use innovative technology structures with the latest technology to create responsive and adaptive designs. UI Design UX Design Prototyping Company Services Contact Blog Services Artificial Intelligence Digital Transformation Cloud & DevOps Web Application Developm https://tai.com.np/service/#service-devops
IT and Consulting Services | TAI  Contact OUR STORY ABOUT US Introduction Message from CEO Team Service About Nepal SDGs BLOG English  Contact Our Services Offering services forDigital Transformation (DX) AI Consulting DX Solutions Cloud & Devops Web System Development Mobile Application Development UI/UX Design AI Consulting Artificial intelligence (AI) is a rapidly growing field that involves the development of computer systems and algorithms that can perform tasks that typically require human intelligence, such as learning, decision-making, and problem-solving. At TAI, we are constantly exploring new ways to harness the power of AI to improve our products and services. Whether it's using machine learning algorithms to analyze customer data or developing natural language processing systems to improve customer service, we are always looking for ways to leverage AI to better serve our clients. Artificial intelligence (AI) has the potential to revolutionize a wide range of industries,  https://tai.com.np/service/#service-ui-ux
from marketing and healthcare to financial services and education. At TAI inc, we are committed to driving advancements in AI and finding technological solutions that can help organizations in these industries operate more efficiently and effectively. Our team is composed of experts in a variety of areas, including natural language processing and machine learning, and we are constantly working to develop new AI-powered tools and systems that can help organizations extract valuable insights from data and communicate more effectively with customers. By using AI to automate and optimize various business processes, we can help organizations reduce costs and improve the value they deliver to their customers. Natural Language Processing (NLP) Computer Vision Machine Learning (ML) DX Solutions Our products assist companies in implementing the digital technologies at the center of business transformation. These are a blend of basic infrastructure services and next-generation digital services t https://tai.com.np/service/#service-ui-ux
hat center on cloud system, digital workplace, software-defined networks, privacy, integrated service operations, and intelligent maintenance. With the help of these services, our clients can design long-term, corporate digital transformation that will meet their present requirements and long-term objectives. With TAI's Digital Transformation solution, you can maximize the business performance of your digital investments. With the help of our digital transformation services, we enable you to successfully run, expand, and adapt in both favorable and unfavorable corporate conditions. We help you to adapt your company to produce significantly greater and higher lucrative results and thrive in the contemporary age of internet. Digital Strategy DX Infrastructure Cloud & Devops The goal of implementing DevOps and the cloud is to shorten the system's development cycle and offer continuous delivery of high-quality software. Additionally, it aids in establishing corporate goals and closely alig https://tai.com.np/service/#service-ui-ux
ning features and upgrades. It supports multiple tools and aids in the development of cross-functional operations. With Cloud and DevOps software, the organization's speed improves and it can compete more successfully in the market. We create Cloud as a flexible portfolio of solutions that enables continual modernization, higher agility, and improved operational efficiency. The cloud strategy and consulting services offered by TAI help business develop and implement a defined future course for their organization's cloud strategy. We offer a variety of DevOps methodologies, tools, and special approaches. In order to transform your company, our talented specialists investigate, test, and apply new ideas and technology. Together with your company, we evolve DevOps to produce the greatest possible results. Cloud Development Devops Collaborations Support & Maintenance Web System Development With our IT expertise, we provide you with full web development for the smooth-running websites and w https://tai.com.np/service/#service-ui-ux
eb applications youll have for your business. We help create web applications that offer companies a flexible, cost-effective way to provide remote work solutions.All the web applications we build are responsive. Customer Portal CRM & ERP System Application Support & Maintenance Mobile Application Development We put our heart and energy into making an app perfect for your devices both IOS and Android systems. We Help You Establish Your Presence On Any Device & Platform. Android App Development iOS App Development UI/UX Design Utilizing the latest tools and technology, we offer complete UI/UX services covering branding design, responsive web design, smartphone app design, immersive user experience, and promotional graphics. We use innovative technology structures with the latest technology to create responsive and adaptive designs. UI Design UX Design Prototyping Company Services Contact Blog Services Artificial Intelligence Digital Transformation Cloud & DevOps Web Application Developm https://tai.com.np/service/#service-ui-ux
Terms of Use | TAI  Contact OUR STORY ABOUT US Introduction Message from CEO Team Service About Nepal SDGs BLOG English  Contact Terms Of Use TERMS OF USE This website contains general information intended for informational purposes only, and it is subject to change without notice. The information and materials found on this website are not warranted or guaranteed as to accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness, or suitability for any particular purpose by TAI or any third party. The information and materials are not guaranteed to be error-free or accurate, and we expressly disclaim any liability for any such errors or inaccuracies. The use of any information or materials on this website is at your own risk, and we are not responsible for any damages. It is your responsibility to ensure that any products, services, or information available through this website meet your specific needs. All material on this website belongs to TAI or is under license, and reproduction is prohibite https://tai.com.np/terms-of-use
d without our prior written consent. Any trademarks not owned by or licensed to us are acknowledged on the website.The use of this website without authorization may result in a claim for damages and/or criminal prosecution. Our website may occasionally contain links to other websites for your convenience, but we are not responsible for the content of these websites. Linking to this website from another website or document is not permitted without the permission of TAI. Any dispute arising from your use of this website is subject to Nepalese law. We appreciate you reading these terms and conditions and agreeing to them. Company Services Contact Blog Services Artificial Intelligence Digital Transformation Cloud & DevOps Web Application Development Mobile Application Development UI/UX Design Connect With Us Address Matsumoto Building-502, 10 Iwato-cho, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan SanoKharibot Shantinagar, Kathmandu, Nepal Copyright 2024 TAI Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of  https://tai.com.np/terms-of-use
Message from TAI  Contact OUR STORY ABOUT US Introduction Message from CEO Team Service About Nepal SDGs BLOG English  Contact Message from CEO Successfully Providing IT Solutions for Japan After completing Masters from the University of Tokyo, Sharad Rai joined SoftBank Corporation in 2014. While pursuing PhD in the University of Tokyo, he founded TAI in 2019. Besides, Sharad has also founded an international non profit organization, YouMe Nepal in Japan and has built two schools in Nepal where more than 500 students are studying today. Pratical IT Solution Serving Since 2019 Learn From Our Customer Team of Experts Marketing Automation Acquire Live Chat Support Growing Software Company Sharad Rai CEO, TAI Company Services Contact Blog Services Artificial Intelligence Digital Transformation Cloud & DevOps Web Application Development Mobile Application Development UI/UX Design Connect With Us  Address of TAI Matsumoto Building-502, 10 Iwato-cho, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan SanoKharibot Shantinagar https://tai.com.np/message
IT Industry in Nepal | TAI  Contact OUR STORY ABOUT US Introduction Message from CEO Team Service About Nepal SDGs BLOG English  Contact IT Industry In Nepal Nepal and IT Industry IT business is one of the fastest expanding, second only to tourism. Both economic and human resource development have been greatly impacted by IT. The majority of Nepali outsourcing companies clients are from the United States, Canada, Europe, Australia, Japan, and Russia. In comparison to other South Asian BPO firms, Nepali outsourcing providers have lower prices. This has been identified as the primary reason why foreign customers prefer to outsource their business to Nepali firms. Freelance outsourcing has grown significantly in recent years, with Nepali outsourcing firms even beginning to design animation for Hollywood film studios. Nepal currently has over 250 registered IT outsourcing companies and over 6,000 BPO businesses. Similarly, the number of freelancers in the IT business increased by 37% in t https://tai.com.np/about-nepal
he post-COVID period. IT Jobs alone account for more than 20% of the current online workforce. The whole economy is predicted to grow at an exponential rate by 2025. In Nepal, both outsourcing and freelancing IT projects have increased significantly over the last decade. Lower development costs and access to a large pool of tech talent have made Nepal an ideal offshore outsourcing location for companies from Europe, America, and Japan. The information, communication, and technology (ICT) sector in Nepal contributes around 80 billion Nepalese rupees (NRs) to the countrys GDP. As a result, ICT contributes around 2.3% of total GDP. ICT has already overtaken both the broadcasting (0.48%) and telecommunications (1.47%) sectors. Company Services Contact Blog Services Artificial Intelligence Digital Transformation Cloud & DevOps Web Application Development Mobile Application Development UI/UX Design Connect With Us Address Matsumoto Building-502, 10 Iwato-cho, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan SanoKh https://tai.com.np/about-nepal
